# A Unified Multi-Modality Fusion Framework for Deep Spatio-Temporal-Spectral Feature Learning in Resting-State fMRI Denoising
The published paper can be found on [IEEE Journal of Biomedical and Health Informatics](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/10409518).
This contains the supplemetary material for our article. 

## PaperAbstract
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rs-fMRI) is a commonly used functional neuroimaging technique to investigate the functional brain networks. However, rs-fMRI data are often contaminated with noise and artifacts that adversely affect the results of rs-fMRI studies. Several machine/deep learning methods have achieved impressive performance to automatically regress the noise-related components decomposed from rs-fMRI data, which are expressed as the pairs of a spatial map and its associated time series. However, most of the previous methods individually analyze each modality of the noise-related components and simply aggregate the decision-level information (or knowledge) extracted from each modality to make a final decision. Moreover, these approaches consider only the limited modalities making it difficult to explore class-discriminative spectral information of noise-related components. To overcome these limitations, we propose a unified deep attentive spatio-spectral-temporal feature fusion framework. We first adopt a learnable wavelet transform module at the input-level of the framework to elaborately explore the spectral information in subsequent processes. We then construct a feature-level multi-modality fusion module to efficiently exchange the information from multi-modality inputs in the feature space. Finally, we design confidence-based voting strategies for decision-level fusion at the end of the framework to make a robust final decision. In our experiments, the proposed method achieved remarkable performance for noise-related component detection on various rs-fMRI datasets.

## Citation
Lim, M., Heo, K. S., Kim, J. M., Kang, B., Lin, W., Zhang, H., ... & Kam, T. E. (2024). A Unified Multi-Modality Fusion Framework for Deep Spatio-Temporal-Spectral Feature Learning in Resting-State fMRI Denoising. IEEE Journal of Biomedical and Health Informatics.
